# better_bind_polyfill
Polyfill for `Function.prototype.bind()` (Tested in IE 5-8, Opera 9.5-10, Chrome 1-15, Firefox 2-4)<br>
Shim for `Function: name` (Tested in IE 9-11, Opera 9.5-10)

To use:
```
<script src="Function.min.js"></script>
```

This polyfills `Function.prototype.bind()` in ES3 compatible browsers lacking support for `Function.prototype.bind()`

The shim for `Function: name` works in Internet Explorer (IE) and Opera 10 because they do not natively support `Function: name`. Old browsers that natively supported `Function: name` such as Firefox, Safari and Chrome but didn't conform to ES6 cannot be shimmed because `Function: name` was neither configurable nor writable. It also can't be shimmed in IE 5-8 as there was no getter support on prototypes (but boundFunc.name is still set to "bound funcName" or just "bound " if the target function doesn't have a name.)

Examples:
```
var f = Date.bind(null, '2007', '2');//creates bound function `f`
f.name// "bound Date" (conforms to ES6 function naming)
new f// creates object with Date constructor and year set to 2007
new f instanceof f// true
new f instanceof Date// true
f.length// 5
```


Polyfill Object.hasOwn():
```
Object.hasOwn = Object.hasOwn || Function.prototype.call.bind({}.hasOwnProperty);
Object.hasOwn([], 'length');// true
```


Host functions in IE 5-8 such as `window.alert` do not inherit from `Function.prototype`. So for best compatibility across browsers use the following syntax:
```
f = Function.prototype.bind.call(alert, null, "Hello world");
f();// alerts "Hello world"
f.name// "bound alert"
f.length// 0
```

## Caveats

Unlike real bound functions, functions created with this polyfill have a prototype property. But since at the time of its creation the bound function's prototype property is set to the prototype property of the target function, it responds to `instanceof` checks in the same way as a real bound function would.

Also unlike real bound functions, functions created with this polyfill when used with .call(object) or .apply(object) will internally trigger the `new` operator if the passed object is empty and its constructor property matches the target function (or `obj.constructor==Object` if the target function does not have a prototype property.)

So for example:

```
var S = String.bind()
, s = new S// constructs a new String object where s.constructor==String//true
S.call(s)// should be "", but polyfill again constructs a new String object
```

The above is an artifact of ES3 having no foolproof way to test for use of the `new` keyword. But since there is rarely any reason to use .call() or .apply() with a bound function, the above example is an edge case you would typically never find anywhere. So it's just something to be aware of.

## Benchmarks

This polyfill uses direct `eval()` which most guides say to avoid. However when I benchmarked it in all Internet Explorer versions, direct `eval()` outperformed  `Function()` every time. The difference was noticeable but not significant. And since the minified version using `eval()` is smaller, that's what I went with.

Benchmarks in Opera 10 also showed that direct `eval()` outperformed `Function()` but only when calling the bound function including calling it with the `new` operator. Creating the bound function was slower, but the difference was not significant. I benchmarked it in Opera 10 just to compare it with other browsers from that time.

Note that that the string that is evaled is generated by strings entirely within this polyfill, and therefore there is no chance of arbitrary code being executed. This code is 100% secure.
